Add links to w3 "An alt Decision Tree tutorial" in docs (#36357)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/howto/images_media/index.md

> While purely decorative images should have an empty `alt`, images added to MDN documentation should have a purpose, and therefore require a non-empty-string description.
> 
> - [An alt Decision Tree • Images • WAI Web Accessibility Tutorials](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decision-tree/)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While purely decorative images should have an empty `alt`, images added to MDN documentation should have a purpose, and therefore require a non-empty-string description.
For hints on alt text, see [An alt Decision Tree](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decision-tree/) to learn how to use an alt attribute for images in various situations. 

```
